Copyedits to spring-boot-autoconfigure/README.md (#13188)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: instrumentation/spring/spring-boot-autoconfigure/README.md

dependency injection, and bean post-processing to trace spring applications. To include all features
listed below use the [opentelemetry-spring-boot-starter](../starters/spring-boot-starter/README.md).

> For documentation on Spring autoconfiguration, see [THIS LINK IS INVALID - HASH DOES NOT EXIST](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/zero-code/java/spring-boot/#automatic-instrumentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation for OpenTelemetry Spring Auto-Configuration can be found [here](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/zero-code/java/spring-boot-starter/out-of-the-box-instrumentation/).
```
